THE MYERS-BRIGGS PREFERENCE QUESTIONNAIRE

Directions:  This 20 question questionnaire is designed to help you see who you really are.  Keep in mind that self-evaluating questionnaires cannot be considered foolproof.  Even when test-takers answer as honestly as possible, there are numerous reasons why they often score contrary to their true type.

Taking this questionnaire is only one step in the process to determine your true Myers-Briggs type.  Consider your questionnaire results with objectivity and caution.  After taking the Myers-Briggs Preference Questionnaire look at Table 1 and Table 2 below to help you further determine your actual type.  Then read descriptions of the different temperaments and types you think you might be.

In the following questions you must make one of two choices: a or b.  Set aside some time for yourself without interruptions.  Perhaps, in some cases, you will feel like choosing both a and b.  Even if you agree with both answers, check the one with which you agree more.

To yield an accurate description of yourself, it is imperative that you answer the questionnaire honestly.  Answer as you really are, not as the person you would like to be.

As much as possible, try to make choices outside the context of your job.  In other words, questionnaire results can be altered if you interpret too many questions with your job in mind.  The fact that we have certain job responsibilities and strong interests should not be used to cloud the results.  Therefore, try to think of situations in which you are more free to be yourself.

There are no right or wrong answers.  Just be honest with yourself as you read and make choices. 

For each of the following 20 groupings of phrases and word pairs, choose the letter (a. or b.) that you think most accurately describes you.  Record your answers on the score sheet directly below question 20 (notice that the questions on the score sheet run horizontally along the row before going down).  Print out the score sheet by selecting it with your mouse and then choosing the "Selection" radio button in the print range to print; or simply copy it onto a piece of paper.  See my example score sheet if you have questions.
 